We help companies to drive sustainable growth and achieve operational excellence
We ensure your business is at the forefront of AI innovation and implementation
Reach out to one of our experts to learn more




Did you know that only...
24%
of organizations are said to be data driven

30%
of companies reported to having a well-articulated data strategy

33%
of firms trust their data enough to gain value from

47%
of marketers indicated their data was siloed and difficult to access

WHAT WE DO

We breathe data and AI: From strategy to actionable insights
AI
Data Strategy
Data Engineering
Azure Competence Centre
Data Analytics with Impact and Value

Asset Maintenance
The Maintenance industry faces unique challenges, from ensuring operational reliability and compliance to optimizing resource utilization, minimizing environmental impact and planning optimization. Our AI-powered solutions address these challenges head-on, delivering tangible results and driving sustainable practices


Retail
Start making informed decisions to gain a competitive edge in retail. We help you understand your customers by turning data into actionable insights. Get behind the steering wheel via our demand sensing algorithms to grow your market share.


Energy & Power
Navigate the complexities of the energy landscape with confidence as we empower your organization to balance supply & demand, enhance operational efficiency, and make data-driven decisions fostering sustainability and profitability in a dynamically evolving industry.


Logistics
Experience a new era in transport and logistics efficiency with our AI solutions that empower your organisation to optimize your network, elevate fleet management practices, and make strategic decisions rooted in data, thus enhancing overall performance and customer satisfaction.


Supply Chain
Unlock the full potential of your supply chain with our solutions that enable you to optimize your inventory management, augment operational transparency, and make good data-driven decisions, streamlining processes and maximizing efficiency.

About Us
Agnicio is a data analytics and strategy company founded in 2018. More than 2000 years after Aristoteles, Agnicio will help you gain new insights and – as a result – sparkle your company to make that decisive turn.As your partner, Agnicio will help shape you, will guide you through the development and implementation phase of your data analytics journey.

Learn more about us

For over two decades I have been helping international brands to drive growth, achieve competitive agility and operational excellence through data driven strategy and solutions.

Hicham El Arfaoui
CEO, Agnicio B.V.

Recent Insights
Analytics tips, Data strategies, Industry insights, BI best practices, and all the resources you need to do more with your data.


EVENTS
Agnicio at Maintenance NEXT expo
We're excited to announce that Agnicio will be exhibiting at the Maintenance NEXT Expo from April 8th to 10th!
Continue reading →

AI BLOG
Explainability in DSA: Agnicio’s Glass-Box Approach
What is Demand Sensing? Well, it is all about capturing the Demand Signal. This means predicting who wants what product, where and at what
Continue reading →

AI BLOG
How to use events’ data for effective business planning
Organizations of all sizes are involved in business planning. This includes setting ambitious targets on sales and other KPIs to drive growth and
Continue reading →